notes.md, before:

## Day to day notes

### Day 1

- I started the day with the HTML&CSS book and finished the first chapter(Structure)
- Second chapter is about adding markup to Text, so I started playing with text layouts while reading the chapter.  A simple column layout for paragraphs, is what I am trying to do.

### Day 2
- Finished on chapter 2(text)
- Started with Chapter 3(Lists)
- Layout I was working with does not seem doable with the html properties I have been going through.

### Day 3
- Finished reading the chapter 3(lists)
- Worked more on the layout exercise, trying to use the html elements that I read about. 
- Had issues with the layout as it is a grid and I have not yet reached css properties yet. 
- Was confused about how to apply the same style to different elements, but with small differences. Kitty and Srihari helped.
- Discussed div vs lists with kitty, and when to use what. Semantics.
- Did a bit of study on the "LATCH principle" and examples of it's application with Prashant.


### Day 4(24/04)
- Discussed Kulu some kulu stuff with Prashant
- Read a bit of the book
- Paired with Srihari on inviting Jaison for Lunch
- Spoke to Abhishek Ghate for work/mentorship leads
- Salary discussion


### Day 5

#### Learnings
I mostly spent the day reading up in detail about 
- Finished the Chapter 4(links)
- Started with Chapter 5(Images)
- Cleaned up the project folder
- Spent time looking at Jenkins; and discussed with Arun about it
- He said he can help with how to get started in it; In terms of whom to contact and stuff

#### Design networking
- Got in touch with Saneef (Design consultant); details added to the trello card.

#### Misc
- Spoke to amrita about the logo




## Basic git things:

- Init git repo: `git init`
- Stage files: `git add filename1 filename2 `
- Status: `git status`
- Differences not staged or committed: `git diff`

Commit message:

updated with notes for day 6

notes.md, after:

## Day to day notes

### Day 1

- I started the day with the HTML&CSS book and finished the first chapter(Structure)
- Second chapter is about adding markup to Text, so I started playing with text layouts while reading the chapter.  A simple column layout for paragraphs, is what I am trying to do.


### Day 2
- Finished on chapter 2(text)
- Started with Chapter 3(Lists)
- Layout I was working with does not seem doable with the html properties I have been going through.


### Day 3
- Finished reading the chapter 3(lists)
- Worked more on the layout exercise, trying to use the html elements that I read about. 
- Had issues with the layout as it is a grid and I have not yet reached css properties yet. 
- Was confused about how to apply the same style to different elements, but with small differences. Kitty and Srihari helped.
- Discussed div vs lists with kitty, and when to use what. Semantics.
- Did a bit of study on the "LATCH principle" and examples of it's application with Prashant.


### Day 4(24/04)
- Discussed Kulu some kulu stuff with Prashant
- Read a bit of the book
- Paired with Srihari on inviting Jaison for Lunch
- Spoke to Abhishek Ghate for work/mentorship leads
- Salary discussion


### Day 5

#### Learnings
I mostly spent the day reading up in detail about 
- Finished the Chapter 4(links)
- Started with Chapter 5(Images)
- Cleaned up the project folder
- Spent time looking at Jenkins; and discussed with Arun about it
- He said he can help with how to get started in it; In terms of whom to contact and stuff

#### Design networking
- Got in touch with Saneef (Design consultant); details added to the trello card.

#### Misc
- Spoke to amrita about the logo

### Day 6
- Read up on the chapter 5(Images)
- This chapter is much more detailed, with references throught the book
- Will take more time to finish this chaper
- Went back to layout exercise to fix some mistakes I had made with sematics
- Will continue to work on the layout
- Focusing on getting the html concepts clear before jumping to css, so that I have a better mental model of what I am doing


## Basic git things:

- Init git repo: `git init`
- Stage files: `git add filename1 filename2 `
- Status: `git status`
- Differences not staged or committed: `git diff`
